1.4.1.5
Fixed: Automatic resume retries should not occur if there isn't any active Internet connection available.

1.4.1.4
Added: When an error occurs while uploading, the application tries to automatically resume after some time.

1.4.1.3
Minor changes for exception handling.

1.4.1.2
Fixed: Wrong progress report when uploading large files.

1.4.1.1
Fixed: Small files upload speeds are slow.
Added: The application is able to handle multiple file uploads for each pending upload.
Fixed: Take care of application data corruption.
Fixed: Application data corruption made pending uploads disappear from the pending list, when they should appear so the user knows what went wrong and manually remove them.
Added: Archive ID is shown on the same row as the Archive title and on the far right corner.
Fixed: Archive title not trimming when it's size is larger than the window width.
Fixed: Progress report improvements.
Fixed: Total progress percentage is shown with 2 decimal points.
Added: When the mouse hovers over the progress bar, a tooltip appears showing more information about the archive's upload progress.
Added: Show more file names when uploading them in parallel.

1.4.0
Use a new installer application which is faster, quiter and simpler than previous versions.
Other changes include:
Fixed: Uploads remain in the Pending area until the files are successfully archived.
Fixed: Improved Upload status refresh.
Fixed: An error may occur when removing many completed uploads by clicking the 'Clear all' button.

1.3.1
Prepare migration to the new more efficient installer.

1.3.0
Added: UI changes to separate pending and completed uploads.
Added: 'Clear all' button for completed uploads.
Added: Preferences option to enable verbose logging.
Fixed: Sometimes an exception is thrown when the application closes while there are uploads in progress.
Fixed: Retry failed requests because of transient errors.
Fixed: Significant performance improvements and especially upload speeds for large files.

1.2.0
Added: Many UI improvements.
Added: Check for updates functionality.
Added: Exclude unsupported files while selecting files for a new archive and export a list of all excluded files.
Fixed: Error handling improvements.
Fixed: When there isn't any active Internet connection available, some actions should be disabled.
Fixed: Allow the user to create zero sized archives with at least one file.
Added: Automatically remove uploads which where previously deleted by the user through the BigStash Dashboard website page.
Fixed: Bug fixes and performance improvements.

1.1.3
Added: Clicking the tray icon bring the application in front.
Fixed: Automatic resume notifications appear even if there isn't any uploads to resume.
Fixed: Available BigStash storage size checks.

1.1.2
Added: Preferences option to minimize in the tray area when closing the application window.
Fixed: Suspending the computer while an upload is active causes the upload to fail.
Added: Monitor Internet connectivity changes and act accordingly.
Fixed: Sometimes an exception is thrown when the application closes.

1.1.1
Fixed: Large file uploads resuming from the wrong checkpoint.
Added: Clicking the application title inside the Preferences screen opens the BigStash website.
Added: Clicking the archive title opens the archive's website page.
Fixed: Wrong progress reporting.

1.0.1
The first public release of BigStash for Windows.