1.4.2.0
Significant changes include a new 'Stash' command in the right-click menu of Windows Explorer and a new Activity feed.

Fixed: Large file uploads having errors that caused the upload to pause when uploading from a slow connection.
Fixed: Some errors were not automatically resumed.
Added: Windows Explorer context menu extension: You can now use the 'Stash' command to send the selected files and/or folders to BigStash.
Removed: The 'information' button from the top right window buttons. The gear icon now opens a dropdown menu including all menu options.
Added: Activity screen to show the user's recent activity. The menu 'Activity' is added in the gear icon's dropdown menu.
Added: A red dot appears next to the gear icon if there is new activity, as well as on the left of each new activity entry.
Added: Clicking an activity entry, opens the archive's page. This action marks the entry as 'read', removing the red dot from the left side of the entry.
Added: When closing the Activity screen, every activity is marked as 'read', removing the red dot.
Added: Scrolling to the end of the activity screen will trigger a 'fetch more activity' action, so the user can see older entries as well.
Added: A 'Help' command in the gear icon's dropdown menu, which opens the BigStash support page if clicked.
Added: A 'Release Notes' tab is added in the 'About' screen.
Added: A 'Licenses' tab is added in the 'About' screen.
Added: The tray icon found in the tray notification area now shows a tooltip when the mouse hovers over it.
Added: If there are any pending uploads, active or not, some minor stats appear in the tray icon's tooltip.
Added: When an error occurs and the application is running on the background, a tray notification appears informing the user about the error.
Added: Application window now animates when minimizing/maximizing.
Added: Application window now has a thicker border when in the backgtound.
Added: Disconnecting deletes the BigStash authorized token for the application in use. The user can check the BigStash settings page to confirm that.
Fixed: Application name is now 'BigStash' from 'BigStash for Windows'. This change is manifested everywhere the was an appearance of the application name.
Fixed: When viewing the excluded files dialog, upon creating a new archive, the dialog's title is now trimmed if it doesn't fit in the dialog's width.
Fixed: Some cases when the files uploaded included the original drive letter in their name.
Other: Reduce the total application installation size to almost 50% to less than 5 MB.
Other: Several minor bug fixes, performance and stability improvements.

1.4.1.5
Fixed: Automatic resume retries should not occur if there isn't any active Internet connection available.

1.4.1.4
Added: When an error occurs while uploading, the application tries to automatically resume after some time.

1.4.1.3
Minor changes for exception handling.

1.4.1.2
Fixed: Wrong progress report when uploading large files.

1.4.1.1
Fixed: Small files upload speeds are slow.
Added: The application is able to handle multiple file uploads for each pending upload.
Fixed: Take care of application data corruption.
Fixed: Application data corruption made pending uploads disappear from the pending list, when they should appear so the user knows what went wrong and manually remove them.
Added: Archive ID is shown on the same row as the Archive title and on the far right corner.
Fixed: Archive title not trimming when it's size is larger than the window width.
Fixed: Progress report improvements.
Fixed: Total progress percentage is shown with 2 decimal points.
Added: When the mouse hovers over the progress bar, a tooltip appears showing more information about the archive's upload progress.
Added: Show more file names when uploading them in parallel.

1.4.0
Use a new installer application which is faster, quiter and simpler than previous versions.
Other changes include:
Fixed: Uploads remain in the Pending area until the files are successfully archived.
Fixed: Improved Upload status refresh.
Fixed: An error may occur when removing many completed uploads by clicking the 'Clear all' button.

1.3.1
Prepare migration to the new more efficient installer.

1.3.0
Added: UI changes to separate pending and completed uploads.
Added: 'Clear all' button for completed uploads.
Added: Preferences option to enable verbose logging.
Fixed: Sometimes an exception is thrown when the application closes while there are uploads in progress.
Fixed: Retry failed requests because of transient errors.
Fixed: Significant performance improvements and especially upload speeds for large files.

1.2.0
The first public release of BigStash.
